C+) NATION SPOTLIGHT ON

“&"

INTERVIEW WITH TATE BROMBAL

On a postapocalyptic Earth overrun by monsters, the battle between good and evil ended long ago-and evil won. Darkness prevails as humanity struggles
to survive in the corrupted wasteland. Only one hero is said to haunt what's left of our shadowed cities—the Green Lantern. Celebrated horror artist of
the smash hit Something Is Killing the Children Werther Dell'Edera teams with rising-star writer Tate Brombal (House of Slaughter) to bring you a chilling
tale of desperation, hope, and resurrection from the bitter remains of the fan-favorite Tangent Universe!

What does it mean to be contributing to the
relaunch of the iconic Elseworlds line?

It is such an honor to be contributing a story to
that pantheon. The Elseworlds line features some
of the best superhero storytelling in comics. It's
where each character can be distilled down to
their purest form, then placed in wholly different
settings and stories not possible in the main
DC line. It allows creators to deconstruct and
feexamine these icons in new light. There’s a
reason so many Elseworlds stories are so beloved
and still selling to this day.

Why did you choose the Tangent Green
Lantern to be the star of this dark-fantasy
Elseworlds tale?

Even though the Green Lantern is more associated
with science fiction these days, the character was
originally much more fantastical! Returning the
character to these fantasy roots just seemed right.
Plus, the very witchy Tangent Green Lantern has
just been waiting to be used to her full potential!
The same could be said for the entire Tangent
Universe, which is just a very cool and imaginative
playground. However, the Green Lantern we're
introducing is not the Tangent Lantern fans
know, but how the two are related will slowly be
revealed across our story...

What is artist Werther Dell’Edera bringing to
this project?

| don't have the words to describe what Werther
iS bringing to this comic book. It’s transcendent.
He brings such energy, humanity, and pathos to
everything he draws. It’s pure comics storytelling.
He's a master. And if you're a fan of his work on
Something 1s Killing the Children, just wait until
you see what he’s doing here. He's hitting entirely
new levels on both an epic and intimate scale.

Can you tease fans with your favorite scene
from the first issue?

Ohman! It's hard to pick one scene, but my favorite
might involve a rogue zombie hand landing in
a Certain Green Lantern’s beer, and she really
wanted to finish that beer!

Can you describe this series in five words?
Dark. Epic. Human. Adventure. Heart.

DON'T MISS
GREEN LANTERN
DARK #1,

ON SALE THIS OCTOBER!

DCCOMICS MARIE JAVINS VP - Editorin-Chief JIM LEE President, Publisher & Chief Creative Officer ANNE DePIES Senior VP & General Manager LARRY BERRY VP - Brand Design & Creative Services DON FALLETTI
VP - Manufacturing & Production LAWRENCE GANEM VP - Editorial Programming & Talent Strategy NICK J. NAPOLITANO VP - Publishing & Business Operations NANCY SPEARS VP - Sales & Marketing

ABSOLUTE BATMAN 1. December, 2024. Published monthly by DC Comics, 4000 Warmer Blvd., Bldg. 700, 2nd Floor, Burbank, CA 91522. GST # is R125921072. Copyright © 2024 DC Comics. All Rights Reserved. All characters featured in this issue, the distinctive
likenesses thereof, and related elements are trademarks of DC Comics. The stories, characters, and incidents mentioned in this magazine are entirely fictional. DC Comics does not read or accept unsolicited submissions of ideas, stories, or artwork. For Advertising and
Custom Publishing contact decomicsadvertising @dc.com. For details on DC Comics Ratings, visit dc.com/ratings.
