LLIN

S ®
_ eS
ry
.
\ .
e =
a “ ‘ae
»
=

&

‘The king is back, baby! Aquaman stars in an all-new solo series as part of DC’s All In initiative, from writer Jeremy Adams

Post Absolute Power, Atlantis is in disarray, so

Arthur has reassumed his role as king in order to

get the Atlantean house in order. On top of that,
he’s switched certain powers with Mera, giving
him the ability to manipulate water, which...he
doesn’t really have the hang of...yet!

kad te
I can’t really answer about Mera and Jackson...
they do appear in issue one, and then after

: vas » s Z

“As far as other allies. There will be many new

sm

7

+ goes through the Blue.

and old characters that might appear as Arthur

a

In our first issue we'll see him face off with
a water kaiju, but that isn’t going to be the
worst of it. Water kaiju, mermaids, pirates...it’s
going to be wild.

:
John seems to be the nicest person ever, and
with his talent at the level that it is, | have
become extremely jealous of his very existence.
| want him to have fun in this book, so I’m
always asking if there’s something he wants
to do or draw, and | hope we get a Jong run
together with the King of Atlantis.

i

and artist John Timms. Here’s word direct from Adams on why this isn’t Aquaman business as usual.

They can expect the unexpected. Hydrokinesis
is just the start of a journey that will have
long-lasting ramifications.

5 |

It’s strange, Aquaman has had a variety of
continuities and changes, and all of them
have created his incredible character that
patrols the waters of Earth...but that’s
going to change. We're embarking on
a new mythology...taking him far, far away
from what he and everyone else know.

AQUAMAN itt

me
n

DCCOMICS MARIE JAVINS VP - Editorin-Chief JIM LEE President, Publisher & Chief Creative Officer ANNE DePIES Senior VP & General Manager LARRY BERRY VP - Brand Design & Creative Services DON FALLETTI
VP - Manufacturing & Production LAWRENCE GANEM VP - Editorial Programming & Talent Strategy NICK J. NAPOLITANO VP - Publishing & Business Operations NANCY SPEARS VP - Sales & Marketing

ABSOLUTE BATMAN 4. March, 2025. Published monthly by DC Comics, 4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg. 700, 2nd Floor, Burbank, CA 91522. GST # is R125921072. Copyright © 2024 DC Comics. All Rights Reserved. All characters featured in this issue, the distinctive
likenesses thereof, and related elements are trademarks of DC Comics. The stories, characters, and incidents mentioned in this magazine are entirely fictional. DC Comics does not read or accept unsolicited submissions of ideas, stories, or artwork. For Advertising and
Custom Publishing contact decomicsadvertising@dc.com. For details on DC Comics Ratings, visit de.com/ratings.
